Tasks Worked on	Comments
Setting Up New Notebook	Sucessfully Setup the New Notebook
Encryption for Windows	"- Windows can be encrypted using BitLocker encryption for free on Windows 10/11 Pro. 
- Windows Home Drive can be encrypted using 3rd party encyption softwares
- Windows Home can be encrypted for free upt 16 gb of disk size, above which needs subscription to software (around 30 euro per device yearly)
- 3rd party software (https://iboysoft.com/)"
Setup BearLocal Email ID	succesfully setup it@bearlocal.de
System Backup to Hard Disk	succesfully was able to backup entire system to hard disk drives
Hard Disk Encryption	Working on trying to encrypt the data using VeraCrypt Software
External Hard Disk Encryption	Succesfully able to encrypt external drives (Flash drive, pendrive, hard disk) using VeraCrypt OpenSource Software
Internal Hard Disk Encryption	Succesfully able to encrypt internal drives (Local Disk :D/E) using VeraCrypt Sofware
Documentation : External HDD Encyption	Created Documentation on how to encrypt external hard disk drives
Check CRM Tool : Dolibarr	Got access to Dolibarr CRM tool and had a user created for me.
Contract names in dop-down list 	Succesfully achieved! CRM->Commerce->Contracts->List
Contract duration 	Succesfully achieved! CRM->Commerce->Contracts->List->Contract date
Sorting for contracts => according to date 	Succesfully achieved! CRM->Commerce->Contracts->List->sort the table 
Status of contract	Succesfully achieved! CRM->Commerce->Contracts->List->Status->Colour
Global search function -> find clients directly 	Succesfully achieved! CRM->Third-parties-> List of Customers -> Search in filter
SMS messaging from CRM	Can be achieved! Requires additonal SMS sender module to be purchased for 24-30 Euros. Costs 0,045 Euro per SMS.
Email Templates	Succesfullt achieved! Have been implement and tested. works
Customer preffered Language	No Specific section. Can be added in note section of customer contact.
Customer Tags - Good/Bad/Flagged	Succesfully achieved! Created Customer tags for good,normal,bad and flagged customer which can be assigned to each customer. can also be filtered to search only each cattegory of customers.
Creation of Tickets	Succesfully achieved! CRM->Tickets->New Ticket
View of tasks workflow on the tickets	Succesfully acchieved! Click on Add a message in the ticket and it comes up on the right bottom as linked event with each message history
Assign Date & time to tickets	Can link data and time to a ticket on the Events/Agenda Tab of the tickets function
Email Notification of Task Assignment	Can Sucesfully enable email notification to the assigned employee saying a ticket has been assigned to him/her
Add new attribute for Tickets	Succesfully achieved! Added 'Ticket execute date' as a new attribute for creation on ticket from the settings of the ticket page
Kundeninformation	Can add and store customer information such as Email, Facebook, Whatsaap, LinkedIn etc
Time Sheet Tracking for Employeees	Added a new module for timesheet tracking. Still need to figure out detials about it.
Time Sheet Tracking for Employeees	Trying to get HR module, for HR to assign the days of working for emplyees
Brainstroming Ideas	New ideas for the company. Hide profit share from empyolee, point system, whatsaap automation, Website creation, SEO fro the website and store.
Workspace Setup	Setup the new Table and Chiars for the workspace
Install Wifi Drivers on Both PCs	Installed the new TP Link wifi drivers to both PCs at the Alexa 1&1 Premium Shop
Sleep mode inactivity	Disabled the turning off, of the PCs due to inactivity
Fix Kaspersky Pop Ups	Fixed Kaspersky pop up on Alex Notebook due to beralocal.de servers
Fix Mail Requesting Passwords	Changed Thunderbird settings for not requesting passwords untill tried to check mails. also re configured support@premimum mail id in alex laptop
Fix Thunderbird bearlocal pop up	Fixed thunderbird from throwing security issues for bearlocal server. mentioned that is not a threat so no pop ups come in future
Fix Password mismatch for 1&1 website	PC 2 in alexa shop had issues logging into 1&1 website. succesfully fixed the issue.
NetzNavi	Made NetzNavi Landing Page Prototype in English
	Made NetzNavi Landing Page Prototype in Deutsch
	Metting with Max on Design Discussion
	Started Development of Landing Page
	Developed Navbar and also made it responsive
NetzNavi	added navbar homepage and about section
	
NetzNavi	added how it works column, fixed issues with bacnkgroud purple image
	added testimonials section
	added contact form section
	added contact form section spacing
	added footer
	fixed navbar background and added points to about section
	fixed text spacing issues
	fixed text spacing issues
NetzNavi	added favicon
	
NetzNavi	added static navbar, smooth scrolling and extra about section
	added functionality to sign up now button

Check24 Crawler	working till enter address details and click enter to see results
Check24 Crawler	working and able to select all filters and fetch all result names, need to still clean code and make it class based
	added config parsers, throwing erros, need to check
Check24 Crawler	fixed reading from configration file issue
	cleaned code by adding classes and objects
Check24 Crawler	able to fetch data from the check24 site and output into csv file
	 added network provider and also fixed multiple chrome window issues
Check24 Crawler	Fixed the formatting for the results fetched from the automation box, 
	fixed the updating entry to happen after every loop instead of after the entire script
Check24 Crawler	Fixed more formating of results
	ran the bot and generated results for 150+ addresses. it takes around 50 seconds to scare information of 1 address
Check24 Crawler	Added 2 more cases for filtering the data from deck24 website. 
	one for checking if pyur connection exists without glasfaser and also for no data recorrds
Check24 Crawler	Made few changes to the bot results, 
NetzNavi	added new images to the netznavi landing page and made changes to the navbar
Check24 Crawler	added new script to convert csv to excel
NetzNavi	added slideshow for images and testimonials
NetzNavi	Made changes to footer,
	added copyright details and created a page for the same, 
	modified the looks of the images and added captions for slidebar

NetzNavi	made changes to footer
	added content to features
	added content to copyright page
Check24 Crawler	made few caption content changes
NetzNavi	changed styling for mobile version of navbar
	changed footer styling. made it darker and aligned elements in a single line
	cleaned the css code to be code friendly and divided into sections
	added email functionality
	removed unessary test elements